At a minimum, your group contract must address these questions:
GOALS
What are our team goals for this project?
For this project, our goals are to gain as much knowledge as we can and learn a bit more about using data sets. We’d like to see how our interactions with certain data sets behave differently from each other and understand which data sets we should use in the future if we want to work with different things. 


We want to get as close to perfect as possible (100%) and achieve our team goals for this project. We want to have certainty in our answer towards our prediction question (>90%) by utilizing what we have learned in cleaning and wrangling data, effective visualization, and classification and/or regression. The effective use of these skills will allow us to properly communicate our findings towards our prediction question and creates confidence in our work and results.


Some skills we want to refine are in formulating predictive questions regarding the information contained in a dataset and answering predictive questions just as we have been doing in our worksheets and tutorials. We would also like to continue further refining our skills in cleaning and wrangling data and effectively visualizing our data. We would like to develop and refine our skills using classification or regression when finding the predictive outcomes by effectively formulating recipes and finding variables that help formulate them.


EXPECTATIONS:
What do we expect of one another regarding attendance at meetings, participation, frequency of communication, quality of work, etc.?
We expect politeness, and proper communication from all group members. Everyone should give their best possible effort on every tasks.
If an agreed-upon task is not completed by an agreed time, the group member will be stripped of the task and the other three members will complete it together. This will ensure that nothing is left to the last minute and all work gets done before the due date. From there, the team member will have one more chance to ensure that they contribute to the work in the future, otherwise we will reach out to the course instructor and inform them of our difficulties. 
POLICIES & PROCEDURES:
What rules can we agree on to help us meet our goals and expectations?
CONSEQUENCES:
How will we address non-performance regarding these goals, expectations, policies and procedures?
	 				
		




Goals:
For this project, our goals are to gain as much knowledge as we can and learn a bit more about using data sets. We’d like to see how our interactions with certain data sets behave differently from each other and understand which data sets we should use in the future if we want to work with different things. 
We want to get as close to perfect as possible (100%) and achieve our team goals for this project. We want to have certainty in our answer towards our prediction question (>90%) by utilizing what we have learned in cleaning and wrangling data, effective visualization, and classification and/or regression. The effective use of these skills will allow us to properly communicate our findings towards our prediction question and creates confidence in our work and results.
Some skills we want to refine are in formulating predictive questions regarding the information contained in a dataset and answering predictive questions just as we have been doing in our worksheets and tutorials. We would also like to continue further refining our skills in cleaning and wrangling data and effectively visualizing our data. We would like to develop and refine our skills using classification or regression when finding the predictive outcomes by effectively formulating recipes and finding variables that help formulate them.


Expectations:
We expect politeness, and proper communication from all group members. Everyone should give their best possible effort on every task.
If an agreed-upon task is not completed by an agreed time, the group member will be stripped of the task and the other three members will complete it together. This will ensure that nothing is left to the last minute and all work gets done before the due date. From there, the team member will have one more chance to ensure that they contribute to the work in the future, otherwise we will reach out to the course instructor and inform them of our difficulties. 
If a team member does not follow the ground rules, we will impart a three strike system. The first time they do not follow the group contract, they will be called out in the group and will receive a warning. The second time they do not follow the group contract, they must challenge our TA to a rap battle in front of the class, failure to do this will immediately lead to strike three. The third time they do not follow the group contract, we will reach out to the course instructor and inform them of our difficulties. 
We hope by the rules we’ve laid out, we will be able to have a very collaborative and productive group! :)  


Signed Names:
Ridhwanlai Badmos, Menghong Ru, CJ Isaw
